it happened after this the David
it happened after this the David inquired of the Lord shall I go up to
inquired of the Lord shall I go up to
inquired of the Lord shall I go up to any of the cities of Judah go up where
any of the cities of Judah go up where
any of the cities of Judah go up where shall I go up to Hebron so David went up
shall I go up to Hebron so David went up
shall I go up to Hebron so David went up there and his two wives also a he know'm
there and his two wives also a he know'm
there and his two wives also a he know'm the jezreelite s and Abigail the widow
the jezreelite s and Abigail the widow
the jezreelite s and Abigail the widow of Nabal the Carmelite and David brought
of Nabal the Carmelite and David brought
of Nabal the Carmelite and David brought up the men who were with him every man
up the men who were with him every man
up the men who were with him every man with his household so they dwelt in the
with his household so they dwelt in the
with his household so they dwelt in the cities of Hebron then the men of Judah
cities of Hebron then the men of Judah
cities of Hebron then the men of Judah came and there they anointed David King
came and there they anointed David King
came and there they anointed David King over the house of Judah and they told
over the house of Judah and they told
over the house of Judah and they told David the men of jabish Gilead were the
David the men of jabish Gilead were the
David the men of jabish Gilead were the ones who buried Saul so David sent
ones who buried Saul so David sent
ones who buried Saul so David sent messengers to the men of jabish gilja
messengers to the men of jabish gilja
messengers to the men of jabish gilja you are blessed of the Lord for you have
you are blessed of the Lord for you have
you are blessed of the Lord for you have shown this kindness to your Lord to Saul
shown this kindness to your Lord to Saul
shown this kindness to your Lord to Saul and have buried him and now may the Lord
and have buried him and now may the Lord
and have buried him and now may the Lord show kindness and truth to you I also
show kindness and truth to you I also
show kindness and truth to you I also will repay you this kindness because you
will repay you this kindness because you
will repay you this kindness because you have done this thing now therefore let
have done this thing now therefore let
have done this thing now therefore let your hands be strengthened and be
your hands be strengthened and be
your hands be strengthened and be valiant for your master saw is dead and
valiant for your master saw is dead and
valiant for your master saw is dead and also the house of Judah has anointed me
also the house of Judah has anointed me
also the house of Judah has anointed me king over them but a blur the son of nur
king over them but a blur the son of nur
king over them but a blur the son of nur commander of Saul's army took ish
commander of Saul's army took ish
commander of Saul's army took ish Boucher the son of Saul and brought him
Boucher the son of Saul and brought him
Boucher the son of Saul and brought him over to mayor nian and he made him king
over to mayor nian and he made him king
over to mayor nian and he made him king over Gilead over the Asha rights over
over Gilead over the Asha rights over
over Gilead over the Asha rights over Jezreel over ephraim over benjamin and
Jezreel over ephraim over benjamin and
Jezreel over ephraim over benjamin and over all Israel ich mache Saul's son was
over all Israel ich mache Saul's son was
over all Israel ich mache Saul's son was 40 years old when he began to reign over
40 years old when he began to reign over
40 years old when he began to reign over Israel and he reigned two years only the
Israel and he reigned two years only the
Israel and he reigned two years only the house of Judah followed David and the
house of Judah followed David and the
house of Judah followed David and the time that David was king in Hebron over
time that David was king in Hebron over
time that David was king in Hebron over the house of Judah was seven years and
the house of Judah was seven years and
the house of Judah was seven years and six months
six months
six months now Abner the son of nur and the
now Abner the son of nur and the
now Abner the son of nur and the servants of ish Bosher the son of Saul
servants of ish Bosher the son of Saul
servants of ish Bosher the son of Saul went out from Mayor name to Gibeon and
went out from Mayor name to Gibeon and
went out from Mayor name to Gibeon and Jove the son of Zechariah and the
Jove the son of Zechariah and the
Jove the son of Zechariah and the servants of David went out and met them
servants of David went out and met them
servants of David went out and met them by the pool of Gibeon so they sat down
by the pool of Gibeon so they sat down
by the pool of Gibeon so they sat down one on one side of the pool and the
one on one side of the pool and the
one on one side of the pool and the other on the other side of the pool then
other on the other side of the pool then
other on the other side of the pool then Abner said to Joab let the young man now
Abner said to Joab let the young man now
Abner said to Joab let the young man now arise and compete before us
arise and compete before us
arise and compete before us let them arise so they arose and went
let them arise so they arose and went
let them arise so they arose and went over by number twelve from Benjamin
over by number twelve from Benjamin
over by number twelve from Benjamin followers of ish Moshe
followers of ish Moshe
followers of ish Moshe the son of Saul and twelve from the
the son of Saul and twelve from the
the son of Saul and twelve from the servants of David and each one grasped
servants of David and each one grasped
servants of David and each one grasped his opponent by the head and thrust his
his opponent by the head and thrust his
his opponent by the head and thrust his sword in his opponent's side so they
sword in his opponent's side so they
sword in his opponent's side so they fell down together therefore that place
fell down together therefore that place
fell down together therefore that place was called the field of sharp swords
was called the field of sharp swords
was called the field of sharp swords which is in Gibeon
which is in Gibeon
which is in Gibeon [Applause]
so there was a very fierce battle that
so there was a very fierce battle that day and Abner and the men of Israel were
day and Abner and the men of Israel were
day and Abner and the men of Israel were beaten before the servants of David now
beaten before the servants of David now
beaten before the servants of David now the three sons of the ayah were there
the three sons of the ayah were there
the three sons of the ayah were there Joab and a Bechet eye and a Sahel and
Joab and a Bechet eye and a Sahel and
Joab and a Bechet eye and a Sahel and sa-l was as fleet of foot as a wild
sa-l was as fleet of foot as a wild
sa-l was as fleet of foot as a wild gazelle so a Sahel pursued Abner and in
gazelle so a Sahel pursued Abner and in
gazelle so a Sahel pursued Abner and in going he did not turn to the right hand
going he did not turn to the right hand
going he did not turn to the right hand or to the left from following Abner
or to the left from following Abner
or to the left from following Abner there Abner looked behind him and said
there Abner looked behind him and said
there Abner looked behind him and said are you after hell I am turn aside to
are you after hell I am turn aside to
are you after hell I am turn aside to your right hand or to your left and lay
your right hand or to your left and lay
your right hand or to your left and lay hold on one of the young men and take
hold on one of the young men and take
hold on one of the young men and take his armor for yourself but a Sahel would
his armor for yourself but a Sahel would
his armor for yourself but a Sahel would not turn aside from following him so
not turn aside from following him so
not turn aside from following him so Abner said again to a Sahel turn aside
Abner said again to a Sahel turn aside
Abner said again to a Sahel turn aside from following me why should I strike
from following me why should I strike
from following me why should I strike you to the ground how then could I face
you to the ground how then could I face
you to the ground how then could I face your brother Joab however he refused to
your brother Joab however he refused to
your brother Joab however he refused to turn aside there for a balloonist struck
turn aside there for a balloonist struck
turn aside there for a balloonist struck him in the stomach with a blunt end of
him in the stomach with a blunt end of
him in the stomach with a blunt end of the spear so that the sphere came out of
the spear so that the sphere came out of
the spear so that the sphere came out of his back and he fell down there and died
his back and he fell down there and died
his back and he fell down there and died on the spot
so it was that as many as came to the
so it was that as many as came to the place where a Sahel fell down and died
place where a Sahel fell down and died
place where a Sahel fell down and died Stood Still Joab and a Bechet I also
Stood Still Joab and a Bechet I also
Stood Still Joab and a Bechet I also pursued Abner and the Sun was going down
pursued Abner and the Sun was going down
pursued Abner and the Sun was going down when they came to the hill of Honor
when they came to the hill of Honor
when they came to the hill of Honor which is before Gaia by the road to the
which is before Gaia by the road to the
which is before Gaia by the road to the wilderness of Gilead now the children of
wilderness of Gilead now the children of
wilderness of Gilead now the children of Benjamin gathered together behind Abner
Benjamin gathered together behind Abner
Benjamin gathered together behind Abner and became a unit and took their stand
and became a unit and took their stand
and became a unit and took their stand on top of a hill then Abner called to
on top of a hill then Abner called to
on top of a hill then Abner called to Joe
Joe
Joe shall the sword devour forever do you
shall the sword devour forever do you
shall the sword devour forever do you not know that it will be bitter in the
not know that it will be bitter in the
not know that it will be bitter in the latter end how long will it be then
latter end how long will it be then
latter end how long will it be then until you tell the people to return from
until you tell the people to return from
until you tell the people to return from pursuing their brethren as God lives
pursuing their brethren as God lives
pursuing their brethren as God lives unless you had spoken surely then by
unless you had spoken surely then by
unless you had spoken surely then by morning all the people would have given
morning all the people would have given
morning all the people would have given up pursuing their brethren so joyous
up pursuing their brethren so joyous
up pursuing their brethren so joyous blew a trumpet and all the people stood
blew a trumpet and all the people stood
blew a trumpet and all the people stood still and did not pursue Israel any more
still and did not pursue Israel any more
still and did not pursue Israel any more nor did they fight any more pan Abner
nor did they fight any more pan Abner
nor did they fight any more pan Abner and his men went on all that night
and his men went on all that night
and his men went on all that night through the plain crossed over the
through the plain crossed over the
through the plain crossed over the Jordan and went through Alba throng and
Jordan and went through Alba throng and
Jordan and went through Alba throng and they came to Mayer name so Joab returned
they came to Mayer name so Joab returned
they came to Mayer name so Joab returned from pursuing Adam and when he had
from pursuing Adam and when he had
from pursuing Adam and when he had gathered all the people together there
gathered all the people together there
gathered all the people together there were missing of David's servants 19 men
were missing of David's servants 19 men
were missing of David's servants 19 men and a Sahel but the servants of David
and a Sahel but the servants of David
and a Sahel but the servants of David had struck down of Benjamin and Abner's
had struck down of Benjamin and Abner's
had struck down of Benjamin and Abner's men three hundred and sixty men who died
men three hundred and sixty men who died
men three hundred and sixty men who died then they took up a Sahel and buried him
then they took up a Sahel and buried him
then they took up a Sahel and buried him in his father's tomb which was in
in his father's tomb which was in
in his father's tomb which was in Bethlehem and Joab and his men went all
Bethlehem and Joab and his men went all
Bethlehem and Joab and his men went all night and they came to Hebron at
night and they came to Hebron at
night and they came to Hebron at daybreak
daybreak
daybreak you